Allow future version for peer deps (#16)
cucumber/gherkin-streams: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Peer dependencies are now more permissives and simply request any version higher than:

Reviewer: Perhaps this is easier to read?

```suggestion
- Peer dependencies are now more permissive and simply request any version greater than:
```
